docs: add RegEx using informations (#1169)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: doc/source/configuration.rst

.. _data type template:

Regular Expression
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Mergify uses Python regular expression to enhance your rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In :ref:`Conditions` you can use regualr expression with matching :ref:`Operators`. Mergify leverages `Python regular expression <https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html>`_ to match rules.
```

> More precisly, in the sub-section 'Conditions' you can use with :ref:`Operators` some regular expressions associated with flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
